update: macOS Overview for macOS 26 (#3132)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/os/macos-overview.md

Click the small :material-information-outline: icon next to **Automatic Updates**:

- [x] Turn on **Download new updates when available**

- [x] Turn on **Install macOS updates**

- [x] Turn on **Install Security Responses and system files**

#### Apple Intelligence & Siri

> This is available if your device supports **[Apple Intelligence](https://apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/intelligence-engine)**. Apple Intelligence uses a combination of on-device processing and their **[Private Cloud Compute](https://security.apple.com/blog/private-cloud-compute)** for things that take more processing power than your device can provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not use these features on macOS, you should disable them:

- [ ] Turn off **Apple Intelligence**
- [ ] Turn off **Siri**

**[Apple Intelligence](https://apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/intelligence-engine)** is only available if your device supports it. Apple Intelligence uses a combination of on-device processing and their [Private Cloud Compute](https://security.apple.com/blog/private-cloud-compute) for things that take more processing power than your device can provide.
```

Who even uses Siri on a Mac...? I mean obviously some people do but it seems niche, and we can nudge towards the approach reducing your attack surface before we go into AI-specific advice.

To see a report of all the requests made to Apple's servers, you can navigate to **Privacy & Security** → **Apple Intelligence Report** and press **Export Activity** to see activity from the either the last 15 minutes or 7 days, depending on what you set it for. Similar to the **App Privacy Report** which shows you the recent permissions accessed by the apps on your phone, the Apple Intelligence Report likewise shows what is being sent to Apple's servers while using Apple Intelligence.

By default, Apple Intelligence integrates with ChatGPT. If you don't want ChatGPT integration, you can navigate to **ChatGPT**:

- [ ] Turn off **Use ChatGPT**

You can also have it ask for confirmation every time if you leave ChatGPT integration on:

> - [x] Turn on **Confirm Requests** 

Reviewer: My settings look like this:

<img width="1654" height="1474" alt="2025-09-20 at 09 40 50" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3e41147-94ba-4f82-a28e-e71ae679d50e" />

##### Lockdown Mode

> **[Lockdown Mode](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/lock-mac-targeted-a-cyberattack-ibrw66f4e191/mac)** disables some features in order to improve security. Some apps or features won't work the same way they do when it's off. For example, Javascript Just-In-Time [(JIT)](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/02/a-crash-course-in-just-in-time-jit-compilers) compilation and [WebAssembly](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/WebAssembly) are disabled in Safari with Lockdown Mode enabled. We recommend enabling Lockdown Mode and seeing whether it significantly impacts daily usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Lockdown Mode](https://www.privacyguides.org/articles/2022/10/27/macos-ventura-privacy-security-updates/#lockdown-mode)** disables some features in order to improve security. Some apps or features won't work the same way they do when it's off. For example, Javascript Just-In-Time [(JIT)](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/02/a-crash-course-in-just-in-time-jit-compilers) compilation and [WebAssembly](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/WebAssembly) are disabled in Safari with Lockdown Mode enabled. We recommend enabling Lockdown Mode and seeing whether it significantly impacts daily usage.
```

Author: I'm not really sure I want to link to an old article instead of official documentation, don't you think we should stick with Apple's own docs? I mean lockdown mode has changed quite a bit since then.

##### Lockdown Mode

> **[Lockdown Mode](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/lock-mac-targeted-a-cyberattack-ibrw66f4e191/mac)** disables some features in order to improve security. Some apps or features won't work the same way they do when it's off. For example, Javascript Just-In-Time [(JIT)](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/02/a-crash-course-in-just-in-time-jit-compilers) compilation and [WebAssembly](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/WebAssembly) are disabled in Safari with Lockdown Mode enabled. We recommend enabling Lockdown Mode and seeing whether it significantly impacts daily usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[Lockdown Mode](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/lock-mac-targeted-a-cyberattack-ibrw66f4e191/mac)** disables some features in order to improve security. Some apps or features won't work the same way they do when it's off. For example, Javascript Just-In-Time ([JIT](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/02/a-crash-course-in-just-in-time-jit-compilers)) compilation and [WebAssembly](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/WebAssembly) are disabled in Safari with Lockdown Mode enabled. We recommend enabling Lockdown Mode and seeing whether it significantly impacts daily usage.
```
